Affogato: Espresso served over gelato. Traditionally vanilla is used, but some coffeehouses or customers use any flavor.
Americano: Espresso and hot water, classically using equal parts each, with the water added to the espresso. Americano was created by American G.I.s during World War I who added hot water to dilute the strong taste of the traditional espresso.
Antoccino: A single shot of espresso with the same quantity of steamed milk poured above it, served in a demitasse (espresso cup).
Bicerin: Made of layers of espresso, drinking chocolate, and whole milk. Invented and served in Turin.
Bombón: Espresso served with condensed milk. Served in South East Asia, Canary Islands, Cook Islands and Mainland Spain.
Breve: Espresso with half-and-half.
Bucci: Espresso served in Key West's Cuban cafes (sugar added after brewing).
Cappuccino: Traditionally, one-third espresso, one-third steamed milk, and one-third microfoam.
Carajillo: Espresso with a shot of brandy.
Corretto: coffee with a shot of liquor, usually grappa or brandy.
Cortado: Espresso "cut" with a small amount of warm milk.
Cubano: Sugar is added to the collection container before brewing for a sweet flavor, different from that if the sugar is added after brewing.
Frappe: Iced coffee topped off with whipped cream and usually chocolate syrup.
Frappuccino: A type of espresso coffee made with frothed milk branded exclusively by Starbucks.
Guillermo: Originally one or two shots of hot espresso, poured over slices of lime.
Latte: An espresso based drink with a volume of steamed milk, served with either a thin layer of foam or none at all, depending on the shop or customer's preference.
Lungo: More water (about 1.5x volume) is let through the ground coffee, yielding a weaker taste (40 mL).
Marron: Etymology from Venezuela. An espresso with Milk. Latte.
Mocha: Normally, a latte blended with chocolate.
Normale: A normal length shot, not ristretto or lungo.
Ristretto: Espresso with less volume, yielding a stronger sweeter taste (10–20 mL).
Solo: Single (1 US fluid ounce) shot of espresso.
Triplo: Triple (3 US fluid ounces) shot of espresso; "triplo" is rare; "triple shot" is more common.